c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\SisEventos.dll
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\SisEventos.pdb
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\SisEventos_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.g.resources
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.dll
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.pdb
c:\users\cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\ParticipandoEventos.g.cs
C:\Users\Cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\CriarEvento.g.cs
C:\Users\Cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\Cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.dll
C:\Users\Cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.xml
C:\Users\Cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\Cristiane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\DescricaoEvento.g.cs
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\SisEventos.dll
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\SisEventos.pdb
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\SisEventos_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.dll
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.dll
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.UI.xml
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.Mobile.xml
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\CriarEvento.g.cs
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\DescricaoEvento.g.cs
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\ParticipandoEventos.g.cs
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.g.resources
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.Resources.AppResources.resources
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.dll
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\SisEventos.pdb
D:\_Git\chat-mobile-service\GerenciadorDeEventos\SisEventos\SisEventos\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
